---
title: Updated About Me
date: 2024-02-20
tags:
- about-me
- personal
---
### Currently Working On: ###
- Vampire AU ( Toji + Yuuji )
- Bodyguard AU ( Toji + Gojou, Non-romantic )
- Petplay ( Toji + Yuuji, Fanfic )

### You can: ###
- Use my art as icons as long as you credit my Twit/X acc
- DM me to repost to different website
- Use my fanart as inspiration for fanfiction if you atleast ask beforehand.
 
### You cannot: ###
- use my fanart for AI training or for NFTs
- trace or copy my work. 
- request me to draw anything. (If requests are open because i post it, feel free)
- Ask for commission. I open them when I feel like it
- Ask to use my ship ideas for your ship. I have no problems with you creating content for the ship I talk about as inspiration, but I will 99% decline if you ask to use it for another ship.
 
You will generally find me drawing SFW here with very few NSFW pieces. I prefer to write NSFW rather than draw it. Fics will be uploaded to ao3 after a few days from my blog posts.
I like fluff, a lot of it, and so I tend to stray away from darker content like dub-con and non-con (I'm fine with reading it). Angst between characters however, is one of my favorites.

Toji Fushiguro is my favorite character. I like him with Gojou or Yuuji, but not both at the same time. Interested in exploring relationships between them but it's not always romantic.
I am NOT a fixed shipper. I don't tag my ship art with the intention of it being unable to be searched via twitter, and I will not use ship names. If I ever use a ship name, its from abbreviation due to twit character limits.
(Please do not invite me to any zines if a ship name is involved. I will not accept, and the reasoning above is why.)

*In some cases, I will use Sub top!Toji/Dom bottom!Yuuji to indicate a specific dynamic I have for them. That AU has a fixed top/bottom due to my interpretation, but other AUs (such as my vampire or dragon AU) are left to viewer interpretation whether they are fixed or switch.

My preference is Yuuji dominant, Gojou submissive, Toji submissive. Top/bottom doesn't matter to me.
 
**my NOTPs:**
- Toji with any family member excluding his wife. I don't like him with Naoya, Maki, his brother, etc. and esp. Megumi romantically.
- Gojou and Geto romantically. I only like them platonic, as best friends.

**My landmines(squicks) for content:**
- NTR ( cheating )
- BDSM used as a means to sexually abuse someone
- Mpreg and any other AU that has secondary sex characteristics to be used as stereotypical top/bottom tropes. This includes Dom/Sub verse.
- Lolicon/Shotacon. (SFW is okay)
- Content where Toji is in a romanticized abusive relationship, sexual assault, and anything else similar to that. Whether he is the one getting abused or the perpetrator, I won't look/interact with either.

**Just cause I have squicks doesn't mean you can't interact with me. Your tastes, my tastes, does not equal personality. I love getting to know people, but I'm shy myself, so please feel free to DM if you have any questions or comments.**

**Do you ship Toji with anyone else?**
Too many people ask so I'm putting it alongside what's already written on my profile: I don't. I'm not interested romantically in Toji being shipped with anyone else aside from what's already listed on my profile. I don't make exceptions. 

**you're free to interpret my art however you like in the end. Just because I don't use shipnames doesn't mean you can't enjoy them how you want. Tojita, itatoji, tojitatoji, no romance, etc. I don't care.**
 
